README.md, before:

# BungeeGuard  
  
BungeeGuard is a pair of plugins which intercept the BungeeCord handshake protocol, and allow backend servers to verify whether players connected from a trusted proxy.  
  
* On the proxy, BungeeGuard inserts a special authentication token into the profile data sent to the backend server when a player tries to connect.  
* On the backend server, BungeeGuard re-implements the BungeeCord handshake protocol, and denies connections which do not contain an allowed token.  
  
This means that even if your backend server is not firewalled, malicious users will not be able to spoof logins without knowing one of your allowed tokens.

### Installation

#### On your proxies...

1. Add the [`bungeeguard-proxy.jar`](https://ci.lucko.me/job/BungeeGuard/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/bungeeguard-proxy/target/bungeeguard-proxy.jar) file to your BungeeCord plugins folder. Then restart the proxy. If you have multiple proxies in your network, do this for each of them.
2. Navigate to `/plugins/BungeeGuard/token.yml` and make a note of the value of `token`. 

#### On each of your backend servers...

1. Ensure that you are using the [Paper server software](https://papermc.io/). (or one of it's forks, e.g. TacoSpigot)

	BungeeGuard does not work with plain Spigot.
2. Add the [`bungeeguard-backend.jar`](https://ci.lucko.me/job/BungeeGuard/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/bungeeguard-backend/target/bungeeguard-backend.jar) file to your Paper plugins folder. Then restart the server.
3. Navigate to `/plugins/BungeeGuard/config.yml`. Add the token(s) generated by the proxy(ies) to the `allowed-tokens` list.

	e.g.
	```yml
	# Allowed authentication tokens.  
	allowed-tokens:
	  - "AUSXEwebkOGVnbihJM8gBS0QUutDzvIG009xoAfo1Huba9pGvhfjrA21r8dWVsa8"
	```
4. Restart the server again.

#### Compatibility

BungeeGuard is known to have compatibility issues with **SkinsRestorer on the proxy side**. This has been fixed in a SkinsRestorer update, please ensure you are using the latest version.

BungeeGuard is known to have compatibility issues with **ProtocolSupport on the backend side**. This has been fixed in a ProtocolSupport update, please ensure you are using the latest version.

Commit message:

Restructure project, add support for 1.8 servers, add reload command

README.md, after:

# BungeeGuard

BungeeGuard is a plugin which adds a security token to the BungeeCord handshaking protocol. In the case that the backend servers are not properly firewalled, it prevents players from bypassing the proxy and spoofing their UUID.

* BungeeCord installations are insecure by default, and require additional firewall rules to be configured for the backend Minecraft servers to prevent abuse from malicious users.
* This process can be complicated, and because of that many users opt to skip it or carry it out it incorrectly.
* BungeeGuard rectifies this by adding a secret security token to the handshake, allowing the backend server to verify whether a connection originated from a trusted proxy.

It is a more sensible replacement to "ip whitelist" or "only proxy join" type plugins.

### Installation

Installation is very straightforward.

#### On your BungeeCord proxies...

1. Ensure `ip_forward` is set to `true` in BungeeCord's `config.yml`.
2. Add [`BungeeGuard.jar`](https://ci.lucko.me/job/BungeeGuard/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/bungeeguard-universal/target/BungeeGuard.jar) to the plugins folder. Then restart the proxy. If you have multiple proxies in your network, do this for each of them.
3. Navigate to `/plugins/BungeeGuard/token.yml` and make a note of the value of `token`. 

#### On each of your backend Minecraft servers...

1. Ensure you are either using [Paper](https://papermc.io/) 1.9.4+ *or* have [ProtocolLib](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/protocollib.1997/) installed.
2. Ensure `bungeecord` is set to `true` in `spigot.yml`.
3. Add [`BungeeGuard.jar`](https://ci.lucko.me/job/BungeeGuard/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/bungeeguard-universal/target/BungeeGuard.jar) to the plugins folder. Then restart the server.
4. Navigate to `/plugins/BungeeGuard/config.yml`. Add the token(s) generated by the proxy(ies) to the `allowed-tokens` list.

	e.g.
	```yml
	# Allowed authentication tokens.  
	allowed-tokens:
	  - "AUSXEwebkOGVnbihJM8gBS0QUutDzvIG009xoAfo1Huba9pGvhfjrA21r8dWVsa8"
	```
5. Run `bungeeguard reload` from console.
